# module2-solution
This repository contains the HTML and CSS file of the website created as part of the coursera assignment. The website is created according to the [details described by Yakoov](https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course4/blob/master/assignments/assignment2/Assignment-2.md) and it appears similar to the ones(mockup illustrations depicted by him([desktop](https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course4/blob/master/assignments/assignment2/images/desktop.png), [tablet](https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course4/blob/master/assignments/assignment2/images/tablet.png), [mobile](https://github.com/jhu-ep-coursera/fullstack-course4/blob/master/assignments/assignment2/images/mobile.png) versions).

The index.html file is linked with the css file for the styling to be applied. The website is of a responsive design that works well with changing dimensions; @media query has been used for this and careful width adjustment is made so that it is compatible in any device form. The main heading is center aligned and the font is different from the default browser font. The paragraph content is set to block element with position-relative and clear-both, to avoid overlapping of h2 and paragraph contents. To arrange the containers as columns in a row, float: left is used along with some margin so there would be some space between the various containers. Even though different classes are defined for each of the three container headings, common styles like font, float and border are applied under the common selector h2. Note here that the paragraph content has no specific significance and is a dummy text from lorem ipsum generator.
